Privacy Suggestions & update images (#1576)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/Send.md

For a deeper dive into the fee estimation process, [this article](https://bitcointechtalk.com/an-introduction-to-bitcoin-core-fee-estimation-27920880ad0) is worth reading.
:::

## Privacy Suggestions

Since Wasabi version [2.0.4](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v2.0.4) the _Preview Transaction_ dialog contains privacy suggestions.
The privacy suggestions help the user to improve their transaction.

> The privacy suggestion are shown when hovering over the triangle or shield in the right top corner.
> The suggestions are based on current coin selection for this transaction.
> So for example, the suggestion will warn the user when he is sending non-private coins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are shown when hovering over the triangle or shield in the top-right corner.
They are based on the current coin selection for this transaction.
For example, the suggestions will warn the user when he is sending non-private coins.
```

There are warnings for:
- Interlinking labels
- Using non-private coins
- Using semi-private coins
- Creating change
- Consolidating 10 coins or more
- Using unconfirmed coins
- Using coinjoining coins

> There are click-able suggestions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are clickable suggestions:
```

> - For Label management (when sending non-private coins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To manage labels (when interlinking labels)
```

- To only use private coins

> - To avoid non-private coins (only use private and semi-private)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To not use non-private coins (only use private and semi-private)
```

> - For change avoidance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To avoid change
```

> The suggestion to only use semi- or private coins is only shown if the amount difference is a maximum of 25%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The suggestion to only use semi-private or private coins is only shown if the amount difference is a maximum of 25%.
```
